Renaming Use, Migrate, MST and troubleshooting (#4193)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/services/service-overview.md

---
title: About services

> excerpt: Manage your Tiger Cloud services in the Console. Run daily admin operations, control access, set up security, compress data, run analytical queries, and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Manage your Tiger Cloud services in Console. Run daily admin operations, control access, set up security, compress data, run analytical queries, and more
```

---
import ServiceOverview from "versionContent/_partials/_service-overview.mdx";

# About $SERVICE_LONGs

<ServiceOverview />

> When you log into your [$ACCOUNT_LONG][cloud-login], you see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you log into [$CONSOLE][cloud-login], you see the
```
